This directory contains some example Skij programs. They are selected
to illustrate Skij's "special relationship" with Java.  If you want
basic examples of Scheme programming, consult a textbook. I recommend
Abelson & Sussman's Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs:
  http://mitpress.mit.edu/sicp/

To load any of the examples in this directory, enter Skij and type:
   (load "<filename>")
where filename is the full pathname of the file.

Example files:
 buttons.scm	A window containing buttons that reproduce when clicked
 browser.scm	Control a Web browser from Java, including access to Java API doc
 sprites.scm	A simple animation and graphics package

For more Scheme code examples, unpack the skij.jar file* and look in the lib/
directory.  This code implements many of the Scheme standard procedures, and 
is loaded on demand. There are also a good many extensions to Scheme to deal
with Java-specific functions and interfaces to Java graphics and networking
libraries.  Many of these interfaces are incomplete; that is, they just package
up the few functions that I've found useful. You can use what's there as a guide
to further implementation.

 amb.scm	Nondeterministic computation through backtracking
 apropos.scm	Apropos lets you find Scheme symbols that match a substring
 boole.scm     	Scheme boolean procedures
 char.scm	Scheme character procedures
 cl.scm		Some Common-Lispy extensions
 control.scm	Scheme control forms
 defstruct.scm 	A primitive structure capability
 delay.scm	Scheme delay and force 
 dynamic.scm	Dynamic binding
 encapsulate.scm	Procedure encapsulation for tracing
 files.scm	File access
 hashtable.scm	Hashtable interface
 init.scm	Init file -- loaded when Skij starts up
 inspect.scm	Inspector
 interrupt.scm	A simple control panel with an interrupt button
 io.scm		Scheme IO primitives
 java.scm	Interfaces to basic Java functions
 let.scm	LET, LETREC, etc.
 listener.scm	Support for Skij listener windows
 lists.scm	List primitives
 macro.scm	Macros
 memoize.scm	Memoized procedures
 menu.scm	Support for Java menus
 numeric.scm	Numeric primitives
 pp.scm		Prettyprinter
 proc.scm	Procedurs that deal with procedures
 quasi.scm	Support for quasiquotation
 random.scm	Random numbers
 rsh.scm	Interface to Unix remote shell protocol
 runtime.scm	Java runtime
 server.scm	Internet server
 string.scm	String manipulation
 swing.scm	Swing UI interface
 symbol.scm	Symbol primitives
 tcp.scm	TCP interface
 text-tracer.scm	A per-procedure trace facility
 thread.scm	Thread interface
 time.scm	Time functions
 trace.scm	Tree-based trace facility
 tree.scm	Interface to Swing tree widgets
 vector.scm	Vector primitives
 window.scm	AWT window interface
 write.scm	Generate Scheme printed representation

*you can unpack skij.jar by issuing the command
  jar xvf skij.jar
while connected to the distribution directory. 
